Getting Hired lesson: Replace broken link with reliable resource (#31000)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: getting_hired/preparing_for_job_search/what_you_can_do_to_prepare.md

    - Read about [How Important Is It for a Programmer to Have an Online Presence? on Stack Exchange](http://programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/143673/how-important-is-it-for-a-programmer-to-have-an-online-presence).
    - Learn [How to Build Your Digital Presence as a Software Developer](https://blog.pramp.com/how-to-build-your-digital-presence-as-a-software-developer-cb61c4c1aab).

> 1. [How to Win Friends and Influence People](https://dn720004.ca.archive.org/0/items/english-collections-1/How%20To%20Win%20Friends%20And%20Influence%20People%20-%20Carnegie%2C%20Dale.pdf) is an essential classic that relates to business and networking but is applicable to all facets of the social world around you.  It's a must-read for everyone (and it's an easy read).

Reviewer: We've had a chat as a team and decided instead of dealing with copyright and linking directly to the book contents, which also suggests that people ought to go out of their way to read the whole book, we can just mention it and link a summary that covers our bases. That'll also cover us on the copyright front.

```suggestion
1. "How to Win Friends and Influence People" is a classic that relates to business and networking but is applicable to all facets of the social world around you. If you're interested, here's a [summary of the book](https://fs.blog/how-to-win-friends-and-influence-people/ "summary of How to Win Friends and Influence People") that covers all the points we think are important.
```
